README.md, before:

Fyber's FairBid - Sample Unity application
============================================
This application demonstrates how to integrate Fyber's FairBid Mediation SDK using unity.

# Prerequisites

* Unity Editor 2018.*

# Build & Run

Before building, you'll need to import the FaidBid Unity Plugin.
You can download it from [Fyber's dev portal](https://dev-unity.fyber.com/docs/integration).

You're now ready to run the sample app.  
Simply select the platform you wish to run the sample app on and click `Build and Run`. Unity will take care of the rest.


# Mediation

By default, the sample app does not have any mediated network integrated.

The steps to integrated mediated network differ slightly depending on the platform:

## Android

In the [mainTemplate.gradle](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Plugins/Android/mainTemplate.gradle) Simply uncomment the commented out dependencies block for the networks you wish to integrate.

### Android Manifest

Some networks may require some extra manifest entries.  
Double check with [Fyber's dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/integrating-mediation) and the integrated network's documentation to make sure you have the required entries.

Pay special attention to **AdMob** which will crash if certain configurations are missing.

Also **Mintegral** still needs explicit declaration of Activities in the app's manifest.

You can copy AdMob's and Mintegral entries from the [manifest template](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/AndroidManifest.xml.template)


### iOS

The simplest way to integrate mediated networks on iOS is to, first, Build the project.  
Then, within the generated XCode project's path, create a `Podfile`.  
In that file, declare all pod dependencies for the mediated networks you wish to integrate

(You can copy the [Podfile.template](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Podfile.template) and adjust it to your needs).

Run `pod install --repo-update`.  


Open the generated XCode's `.workspace` and run your project.

### Info.plist

In case you're integrating **AdMob** you'll need to add a `Info.plist` entry to avoid a crash on start:


`GADApplicationIdentifier` `>` `[APP_ID]` 

Check our [dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/admob#infoplist) for more information

## Test Suite

Regardless of the platform you're running the sample on, you can always use the Test Suite to double check all the mediated networks were integrated successfully.


# Navigating the sample code

* SDK Initialization is located in the [MainScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/MainScene.cs)
  * This is where you can change the APP ID if you wish.
* Requesting Banner Ads - [BannerScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/BannerScene.cs)
* Requesting Interstitial Ads - [InterstitialScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/InterstitialScene.cs)
* Requesting Rewarded Ads - [RewardedScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/RewardedScene.cs)

#### Support and documentation

Please visit our [documentation](https://dev-unity.fyber.com/docs)

#### Project License

    Copyright (c) 2019. Fyber N.V
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
         
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

unity_ease_of_integration: more details on the README
Links to dev portal and more information about cocoapods

README.md, after:

Fyber's FairBid - Sample Unity application
============================================
This application demonstrates how to integrate Fyber's FairBid Mediation SDK using unity.

# Prerequisites

* Unity Editor 2018.*

# Build & Run

Before building, you'll need to import the FaidBid Unity Plugin.
You can download it from [Fyber's dev portal](https://dev-unity.fyber.com/docs/integration).

You're now ready to run the sample app.  
Simply select the platform you wish to run the sample app on and click `Build and Run`. Unity will take care of the rest.


# Mediation

By default, the sample app does not have any mediated network integrated.

The steps to integrated mediated network differ slightly depending on the platform:

## Android

In the [mainTemplate.gradle](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Plugins/Android/mainTemplate.gradle) Simply uncomment the commented out dependencies block for the networks you wish to integrate.

Make sure the network versions you're declaring match the ones on the [dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/supported-networks)

### Android Manifest

Some networks may require some extra manifest entries.  
Double check with [Fyber's dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/integrating-mediation) and the integrated network's documentation to make sure you have the required entries.

Pay special attention to **AdMob** which will crash if certain configurations are missing.

Also **Mintegral** still needs explicit declaration of Activities in the app's manifest.

You can copy AdMob's and Mintegral entries from the [manifest template](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/AndroidManifest.xml.template)


### iOS

The simplest way to integrate mediated networks on iOS is to, first, Build the project.  
Then, within the generated XCode project's path, create a `Podfile`.  
In that file, declare all pod dependencies for the mediated networks you wish to integrate

Make sure the network versions you're declaring match the ones on the [dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/supported-networks)

(You can copy the [Podfile.template](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Podfile.template) and adjust it to your needs).


Run:   

`pod install --repo-update`.  

**Note:** Check (cocoapods.org)[https://cocoapods.org/] for more info if you do not have cocoapods installed in your machine.


Open the generated XCode's `.workspace` and run your project.

### Info.plist

In case you're integrating **AdMob** you'll need to add a `Info.plist` entry to avoid a crash on start:


`GADApplicationIdentifier` `>` `[APP_ID]` 

Check our [dev portal](https://fyber-mediation.fyber.com/docs/admob#infoplist) for more information

## Test Suite

Regardless of the platform you're running the sample on, you can always use the Test Suite to double check all the mediated networks were integrated successfully.


# Navigating the sample code

* SDK Initialization is located in the [MainScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/MainScene.cs)
  * This is where you can change the APP ID if you wish.
* Requesting Banner Ads - [BannerScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/BannerScene.cs)
* Requesting Interstitial Ads - [InterstitialScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/InterstitialScene.cs)
* Requesting Rewarded Ads - [RewardedScene](https://github.com/Heyzap/fairbid-sample-app-unity/blob/master/Assets/Scenes/RewardedScene.cs)

#### Support and documentation

Please visit our [documentation](https://dev-unity.fyber.com/docs)

#### Project License

    Copyright (c) 2019. Fyber N.V
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
    
        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
         
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
